
=encoding utf8

=head1 NAME

Test::Auto::Parser

=cut

=head1 ABSTRACT

Specification Parser

=cut

=head1 SYNOPSIS

  package main;

  use Test::Auto;
  use Test::Auto::Parser;

  my $test = Test::Auto->new(
    't/Test_Auto_Parser.t'
  );

  my $parser = Test::Auto::Parser->new(
    source => $test
  );

=cut

=head1 DESCRIPTION

This package use the L<Test::Auto> object as a parser target, where the
object's file property points to a test file containing POD blocks which adhere
to the specification as defined in L<Test::Auto/SPECIFICATION>, parses the test
file and returns a parser object for accessing the data.

=cut

=head1 LIBRARIES

This package uses type constraints from:

L<Data::Object::Library>

=cut

=head1 ATTRIBUTES

This package has the following attributes:

=cut

=head2 abstract

  abstract(ArrayRef[Str])

This attribute is read-only, accepts C<(ArrayRef[Str])> values, and is optional.

=cut

=head2 attributes

  attributes(ArrayRef[Str])

This attribute is read-only, accepts C<(ArrayRef[Str])> values, and is optional.

=cut

=head2 description

  description(ArrayRef[Str])

This attribute is read-only, accepts C<(ArrayRef[Str])> values, and is optional.

=cut

=head2 footers

  footers(ArrayRef[Str])

This attribute is read-only, accepts C<(ArrayRef[Str])> values, and is optional.

=cut

=head2 headers

  headers(ArrayRef[Str])

This attribute is read-only, accepts C<(ArrayRef[Str])> values, and is optional.

=cut

=head2 includes

  includes(ArrayRef[Str])

This attribute is read-only, accepts C<(ArrayRef[Str])> values, and is optional.

=cut

=head2 inherits

  inherits(ArrayRef[Str])

This attribute is read-only, accepts C<(ArrayRef[Str])> values, and is optional.

=cut

=head2 integrates

  integrates(ArrayRef[Str])

This attribute is read-only, accepts C<(ArrayRef[Str])> values, and is optional.

=cut

=head2 libraries

  libraries(ArrayRef[Str])

This attribute is read-only, accepts C<(ArrayRef[Str])> values, and is optional.

=cut

=head2 name

  name(ArrayRef[Str])

This attribute is read-only, accepts C<(ArrayRef[Str])> values, and is optional.

=cut

=head2 source

  source(InstanceOf["Test::Auto"])

This attribute is read-only, accepts C<(InstanceOf["Test::Auto"])> values, and is required.

=cut

=head2 synopsis

  synopsis(ArrayRef[Str])

This attribute is read-only, accepts C<(ArrayRef[Str])> values, and is optional.

=cut

=head1 AUTHOR

Al Newkirk, C<awncorp@cpan.org>

=head1 LICENSE

Copyright (C) 2011-2019, Al Newkirk, et al.

This is free software; you can redistribute it and/or modify it under the terms
of the The Apache License, Version 2.0, as elucidated in the
L<"license file"|https://github.com/iamalnewkirk/test-auto/blob/master/LICENSE>.

=head1 PROJECT

L<Wiki|https://github.com/iamalnewkirk/test-auto/wiki>

L<Project|https://github.com/iamalnewkirk/test-auto>

L<Initiatives|https://github.com/iamalnewkirk/test-auto/projects>

L<Milestones|https://github.com/iamalnewkirk/test-auto/milestones>

L<Issues|https://github.com/iamalnewkirk/test-auto/issues>

=cut
